feat(Portal): Remove mention of Portal from documentation part 1 (#1692)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/bdm-access-control.adoc

. In your organization, create a group _Human Resources_ and two roles: _Trainee_ & _Manager_.
. Create some users with the membership _Trainee of Human Resources_ and some others with the membership _Manager of Human Resources_.
. Check that all users are also mapped with the default profile _User_.

> . Define two custom profiles using the xref:profileCreation.adoc[profile editor] in the Studio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Define two custom profiles using the xref:profile-creation.adoc[profile editor] in Bonita Studio:
```

Author: for profileCreation, I will update it, for the second part, see above explanation.

Author: Done
